We already finished resetting, the clear button is pretty similar to that.
So here, I'll add a click listener and I'll execute onClear and in the TypeScript file,
I'll now add the onClear method here,
how can we clear our form?
Well we already got access to the form because we add it here with @ViewChild, so I can simply call this
sl form reset and I need to make sure that I also set editMode back to false.
If it was false before, it doesn't hurt,
if it wasn't false, I ensure that we leave it.
So with this now, if I select an item and I click clear, we're out of it again so I can now add a new one
and if I'm already adding one, bananas and then I hit clear, I simply cancel this.
So now I have to start over but I can still update the existing ones.
So that is all working as expected,
now with the clear button added. In the last step, I want to make sure that we can delete the items we
selected here.